Why can't Barbie get pregnant? Because Ken comes in a different box. Heyooooooo
Why was the musician arrested? He got in treble.
What do you do if a bird shits on your car? Don't ask her out again.
What should you do before criticizing Pac-Man? WAKA WAKA WAKA mile in his shoes
What's the difference between an illegal Mexican and an autonomous robot...? Nothing... they were both made to steal American jobs.
What do you call a barbarian you can't see? an Invisigoth.
How do you spell Canda? C,eh,N,eh,D,eh
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say at the abortion clinic? Hasta last vista, baby.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? 'Cause they are freaking good at it
How did the blonde die raking leaves? She fell out of the tree.
What do you call a potato in space? Spudnik
How to get a cop's attention
What happens to a necrophiliac after death? Reserection
Why did the chicken hold a seance? To get to the other side.
What's the difference between a painting and Jesus. You only require one nail to put up the painting.
How do you fit 4 gays on one barstool? Flip it over!
What's Al-Qaeda's favorite American football team? The New York jets.
What's the difference between a car tyre, and 365 condoms? One's a Goodyear, an the other's a great year.
What's the difference between a blonde and a washer? When you dump your load in a washer, it doesn't follow you around for a week.
What's black, blue and doesn't look too well? Stevie Wonder
What did the car said to the valet? I've been through a lot.
What did the porn actress say when she opened the door? Make sure to come upstairs.
Why were the baker's hands brown? Because he kneaded a poo.
What do grandparents smell like? "Depends"
What do people from the 1930's and /r/news jokes have in common? They're both old.
What do you call a blind dinosaur? A do-think-he-saurus :) !! Lol What do you call a blind dinosaurs dog? A do-you-think-he-saurus-rex
Why don't most fans like the first 39 episodes of DBZ? Its pretty gay, just Saiyan.
What do you call a three-humped camel? Pregnant (Told to me by one of the kids at work)
What did the two tampons say to each other? Nothing, they're both stuck-up cunts.
What do you call Jay-Z having a leg transplant? A hip-hop hip op.
What defies the law of gravity? Women. They heavier they are, the easier they are to pick up.
When I hear "This call is being monitored for quality assurance" I think "Cool, let's see how bad this person wants their job."
How do you know if your wine was made in the 90's? It smells like teen spirit.
What was the name of Paul Revere's favorite porno mag? The British are Coming
When my wife takes a nap, it's "desperately needed rest." When I do, it's "lazy chauvinist party-time."
What did the wise man say to the fat guy? You should probably go on a diet.
Who is better? The 3rd wave feminist or the pencil? The pencil is better. It has a point.
Why do you call a Mexican midget a paragraph? ...because he's too short to be called an essay.
What do you call a blonde in a BMW? Optional.
What do you call a racist dog from Animal Crossing? KKK Slider
What's the worse thing to do to a blind person? Leave a plunger in the toilet
When I was interviewed for a job in the chemistry department, they asked me if I had lab experience. I said I was more of a cat person.
What do you call a frisbee that's more than a friend? Frisbae
What does a sheep say after walking into a disgusting, dirty bar? Ew.
What's the best part of a pregnancy joke? The delivery.
What is the biggest compliment you can pay at a gay bar? Pushing in somebody's stool.
What is your best "Yo mama" joke?
What's a pirate's favourite type of weaponry? It's ARRRtillery! bonus: A pirate's favourite melee weapon? A scimitARRR
Why did the Mexican take his Xanax? For hispanic attacks.
Why can't a bike stand on it's own? Because it is two tired.
What's an extroverted accountant? One who looks at your shoes while he's talking to you instead of his  own.
Why are hillbilly murders hard to solve Because they all share the same DNA
How do they calculate global warming? Al-gore-ythms
What happens when Turkeys get the common cold? They quit smoking.
What do gays and melons have in common? cantaloupe...
What do you call a Jedi who worries about not making deadlines? Panickin' Skywalker.
Why did the composer go to the chiropractor? Because he had Bach problems
How do you hide an elephant in a fridge? You remove his slippers and open the door . You put him inside. You close the door and take the slippers away.
What do you call a green cow in a field? Invisibull.
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say to the gym manager when he was joining a new gym? I'll re-rack.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip-off.
What's a snakes favourite dance ? The mamba !
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip-off!
What is the last thing that tickle-me elmo gets before he leaves the factory? Two test tickles
What do you get when you cross a sheep stealer with royalty? Mutton Looter King
What do you tell a woman with two black eyes? ..........Nothing you've already told her twice!
How does a baboon make phone calls? He just monkeys around on the line!
How many Reddit admins does it take to change a lightbulb? None, they like to keep the mods in the dark.
Why is Chapstick so popular? Cause it's the balm baby!
What is the best advice to give a worm?  Sleep late.
What's a sluts favourite drink? 7 Up in Cider
Why are women and children evacuated first in a disaster? So we can think about a solution in silence
What did the Mexican gang member say when two large houses fell on him during an earthquake? Get off me, homes.
Why is it that the more numbers someone has in their e-mail address, the less I respect them?
What does the mayonnaise say to the refrigerator? Shut the door im dressing
What have you done wrong if the wife keep complaining when you try to watch TV in the living room? You made the chain too long in the kitchen.
Why was the baby ant so confused? Because all of his uncles were ants!
How are doctors so well tempered even under heavy stress? They have a lot of patients
Why are Native Americans the most successfull strippers? Because when they dance, they make it rain.
Why Did the Ebola Patient Cross the Road? Trick question. There are no roads in Africa.
How do you find a blind man in a nudist colony? It's not hard
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten-tickles. I'll see myself out.
What do you get when you cross an insomniac, agnostic and a dyslexic? Someone who stays up all night wondering if there is a Dog.
What do you call a number that won't sit still? A roamin' numeral. :P
What type of school did Sherlock Holmes go to? Elementary :)
How many police officers does it take to change a light bulb? None, because they'll just beat the room for being black!
Why did the semen cross the road? Because I put on the wrong pair of socks this morning.
What did nazi pilots eat for breakfast? Luftwaffles
Why aren't Tyler Perry movies for the light-hearted? They're dark comedies.
How do you tell the circumference of a pecan Pecan pi
How do you figure out which contestant in a Ms. America pageant is a prostitute? Look for the one with the sash that says "I da ho".
When in doubt, just do the opposite of whatever the person wearing pajamas in public is doing.
What does a sheep call a film it doesn't like? a baaahhhd movie. (   )
What is a bear's favourite drink ?  Koka-Koala !
Why do golfers wear 2 pairs of pants? Incase he gets a hole in one
How do you stop a baby from crawling in circles? Nail its other hand to the floor.
What is the favorite food joint of dubstep makers? Sub-WUB-WUB-WUB-way
Why is my Chinese girlfriend so bitchy? Well it's true, you are what you eat.
What do you call kangarooo jump and play hocky? the fam copter
What is the internal temperature of a tauntaun? Luke warm
